oh boy I have all my friends coming over
to visit me today but I don't know how I
feel about it because they've all got
special powers and there's something
that makes them super and I'm just a toy
there's nothing special about me hi
spider-man Wow look at you
I bet you're a super special aren't you
you got it woody I got all kinds of
special powers I can stick to walls I
can swing on webs I can shoot webs at my
enemies I can get bad guys I can do all
kinds of things oh boy you are a special
spider-man
oh hi Dora the Explorer hey here's your
friend coming to boots oh here he comes
hi boots oh I was just talking to my
friend spider-man that you know I don't
I don't know if I'm special at anything
but you're really special it's tough
aren't you yeah you're good at maps and
adventures and what else aren't you
really good at solving puzzles yeah
really good yeah you're really good at
all that stuff oh that's right you know
what I save people from the Swiper the
Fox right
hello woody my name is Optimus Prime
yeah hi Optimus you are super special
look at you you've got all kinds of
gadgets and gizmos I know I can
transform into a truck I've got super
strength I am the leader of the Autobots
hi I'm a prime
wow you are special man you're super
special hi you're a smurf aren't you yes
oh I was just talking to my friends just
a second ago about how special they were
I talked to spider-man and Dora the
Explorer and even Optimus Prime I didn't
know that a smurf was coming well what
can you do you gonna work do you work
with Papa Smurf oh wow and you live in
the forest right oh wow do you fight
against Gargamel
yeah Wow that makes you super special
doesn't it oh boy I wish I was like you
I would love to meet Papa Smurf one day
that's right I'm Batman
hi Batman look at you you got all kinds
of things going on you what are your
superpowers Batman I don't have any
superpowers I don't need them cuz I'm
Batman
I got a utility belt with everything
that you could possibly imagine
cuz I'm Batman I know karate
I've invented my own karate it's called
bad rowdy and I beat up the bad guys
with bad rowdy
I got a utility belt with everything
under the Sun including the kitchen sink
in fact I call it the bad sake and I
ride on this cool motorcycle it's called
the bad cycle wow you are a 'special
listen all those things you can do and
all those things you have man after
having all my friends come over it
really showed me how special they are
but I don't think I'm special at all I'm
just a normal everyday toy oh boy oh
well I guess I'm gonna go home and go go
to sleep oh boy I sure am tired I'm
super tired I just want to go and go to
sleep and take it take some sleep taken
man
oh hey someone pull my string I'm a real
honest-to-goodness Space Ranger I've
always wanted to be a Space Ranger just
like Buzz Lightyear and now it looks
like I got my wish but no Space Ranger
would be complete unless he could fly
let me try let me try let me try
I'm gonna dig her hard dick Rutan yes
yes yes to infinity and beyond
look at that it's New York City
Wow and there's a Statue of Liberty I
have always wanted to see that look at
that huge boat I think it's called a
cruise ship neat oh no you don't
speedboat
I am woody Lightyear and I'm faster than
you now let me go oh wow it's real-life
Cowboys on their horses Wow and over
there are a bunch of horses running in
the wild
I'll fly up here to get a better view oh
man look at them come this is like a
dream oh boy that was the best dream
ever I've never had a dream that good
but you know what after that dream it
made me realize I may not be Buzz
Lightyear and I may not have superpowers
but I'm okay being me because people
like me and I'm a good toy my name is
Optimus Prime and I say that you should
subscribe to this channel now hit this
big yellow button right here it's so
yellow and big and awesome
go ahead just click it and subscribe
also make sure to check out our sponsors
website at tis elance.com they've got
kid-friendly apps for your phones and
tablets